good in this little video tutorial
I want to show you how to get pieces
for a Chinese mobile replica in this case
for example we have here a replica of
a galaxy s 5
the replicas are on the outside exactly
same as the originals
but inside they are quite different
and there is no replica of the s5 or a
replica of note 3 but there is a
lots of replicas of each of each
model
Thus
without opening the mobile it is very difficult
find a spare for these
replicas because there are many different
so in this case I have here
disassembled a galaxy s 5
here you can see the motherboard as I have
said in each replica to finish are
similar but not the same
and I just want to show you here
I have the touch and the lcd
and I'm going to show you how to get the
spare parts in this case
of the touch lcd that are broken though
you can also ask for things
as the cargo port that is also
It tends to break
if you see in the port with the port of
load
the back is not going to
appreciate very well
but it has
there is a small
a small nomenclature
that would be the reference of the piece that
is what we should what we should
ask
in this case not only that puts it puts
very small
but 208 h
h 0 I do not know what
I do not see it from here but well that
would be the nomenclature of the port of
load if we go to the lcd it's always going to
being in the back once is
here on the sheet and most of the
times the flex in this case we can see
efe 500 1 406 vd
this would be the flex code and this
it would be the connector
We can also fix the connector to the
order the piece in this case
is
in the upper part to the right seen
in front
and here
in him
touch we always have to go to the
top connector here has a
small sticker that is the shortest
OK
well here in the tract and if we do not go to
top where the connector
we have to look at what is the
connector
we have it here and here also like
that the other pieces we have a small
nomenclature
here is a little
hidden
and I would be going to see why this is the
shit
here we can see what would be
the 1250 v 1.0
other code other codes that we can
see there's a uve of 273 and in this is the
pin out
of the connector is what each pin has
is the identification of each pin that does not
we need that we can ignore it
important is the 1251 1.0 that would be the
touch nomenclature
and then then next to
and other pieces of others
of other mobiles also another that 5 what
same we go to the connector
and in this case it would be
I would be good for back five thousand fpc
037 of 01 that identification exit
here I have
another tactile of another 5 if you can see
this these three are tactile
of that 5 vouchers on the outside
I'm going to put them in front
ahead they are exactly the same as
you can see
and the connectors as you can see are
totally different
here is a clear example that every
replica has a different connector
and they have given I have other lcd for example
these a lcd of 113 replica because here what
we have
the code on lcd xl 57 h of 00 other
total or also in the flex from above
but here I had to remove this
black sticker that carries over there
we can see the state fpc code that is
the same one that comes down
here we have one of s 4
the same history
it is decided
and we have the code on the lcd and
also in the flex from above
fpc because whatever is usually
start with fpc
most of the time but not always
and with this little tutorial, I've
taught how
order spare parts for your phones
Chinese replica can be found in
my online store
www.ceuta.es
thanks for everything